# Making a website

This website has been in the making since 2022. Back then I - like now - wanted a place where I could upload text and express myself online. I began coding and after some intense weeks in front of the computer stopped.  As time flew by I found other ways of expressing myself online, publishing texts on other platforms that didn't require any coding. Convinient. Sometimes I came back with an effort to finish the blog, but never without stopping before being finished. Now four years later a culmination of factors have led me to take on this challenge once again, and this time I must say I have suceeded. One factor includes the discovery of an AI service - but not in the way you would think. I work as a bike messenger, and one thing our company does is to lend out our labor for anyone willing to pay. And a sucessful AI startup that don't know what to do with all their money spends it on us. So after having worked in their office moving around tables and what not I thought I might give their AI a try.  I went to their site and asked it to make a website after my suggestions. And after a few tedious days where I reached their usage limit after just a few questions, I thought: I can do this better myself. And so I began making this. And here we are, a few weeks later, and I'm happy with how it turned out. Having pushed me to finish it this time is an ever more urgent feeling of having to express myself - i.e. having somewhere to publish my texts. Now that this step is essentially over, I can also focus on writing - what I have been wanting the entire time. Now the faucet is open. No excuses.

